XTDB-CLI examples (#4315)
minvws/nl-kat-coordination: docs/source/developer-documentation/octopoes.md

https://github.com/minvws/nl-kat-coordination/tree/main/octopoes/tools
```

> It is recommended to create a virtual environment and install the developer-requirements (in the octopoes folder) within this virtual environment. You could also execute the xtdb-cli commands from within the Octopoes_api container if you are using a Dockerized setup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is recommended to create a virtual environment and install the developer-requirements (in the octopoes folder) within this virtual environment. You could also execute the xtdb-cli commands from within the `octopoes_api` container if you are using a Dockerized setup.
```

> The XTDB-cli tool can be queried as shown below.
> 
> ```
> # from an env:
> $ ./xtdb-cli.py -h
> # Or from outside the container, using a new otopoes_api container instance:
> $ docker compose run --rm octopoes_api tools/xtdb-cli.py -h

Reviewer: ````suggestion
The XTDB-cli tool can be queried as shown below.

From the environment:
```
$ ./xtdb-cli.py -h
```

Or from inside the container, using a new `octopoes_api` container instance:
```
$ docker compose run --rm octopoes_api tools/xtdb-cli.py -h
```
````

 }
```

#### Examples

In these examples we supply the Dockerized calls, expecting the server to be available on localhost:3000 and we use an organization or `node` that's called 'test'

```

> # list all network ooi's.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# list all network OOIs
```

$ docker compose run --rm octopoes_api tools/xtdb-cli.py --url http://crux:3000 --node test query '{:query {:find [ ?var ] :where [[?var :object_type "Network" ]]}}'

> # list all  IpAddressv4's

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# list all  IPAddressV4 objects
```

$ docker compose run --rm octopoes_api tools/xtdb-cli.py --url http://crux:3000 --node test query '{:query {:find [ ?var ] :where [[?var :object_type "IPAddressV4" ]]}}'
# show the transaction (or TxId's and their timestamps) of a single OOI (A findingType in this case)
$ docker compose run --rm octopoes_api tools/xtdb-cli.py --url http://crux:3000 --node test history 'KATFindingType|KAT-WEBSERVER-NO-IPV6'

> # show the Contents of a single OOI (A findingType in this case)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# show the Contents of a single OOI (A FindingType in this case)
```

$ docker compose run --rm octopoes_api tools/xtdb-cli.py --url http://crux:3000 --node test entity 'KATFindingType|KAT-WEBSERVER-NO-IPV6'

> # the same, but now return the 9most recent) metadata for that object

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# the same, but now return the most recent) metadata for that object
```
